hi everyone first of all beautiful dress
color that you guys picked out very bold
too actually so in order for me to do
something more different than my other
looks I decided to do a little bit more
colorful but a subtle look because I
know some of you guys love kind of a
natural look with color though with like
a pop of color and I know most of my
looks can't be a little dramatic
personally I believe Orange loves to
look good with teal or any you actually
just teal teal colors so I decided to
incorporate some orange look into this
so I hope you guys like this tutorial
and keep watching I already applied
Urban Decay's primer potion in sin as
always to my entire lid
next I'm taking a small angled brush and
I am going in with a dark grey eyeshadow
I will be applying this to the outer
corner of my eye creating a slight
v-shape stopping about halfway of my lid
and definitely below my crease I'm
pretty much going to just fill in my lid
area next I'm going in with my Coastal
Scents 80 metal mania palette I will be
using this light purple eye shadow as
well as mixing it with this dark purple
eye shadow I will be applying this to my
crease area bringing it inwards and I'm
blending outwards I'm then taking a
blending brush and just blending pretty
much everything out so I won't have any
harsh edges because I will be applying
another color above the purple I will be
mixing up this dark orange with this
light orange eye shadow color and I'm
placing this eye shadow color just above
the purple
blending it inward and outward I will be
using this daydream palette by Stella
and I'm going to use the light champagne
color for my inner corner taking an
angled brush I am just going to apply
that to my inner corner blend it with
the purple and gray eyeshadow next I'm
taking Maybelline eye studio gel liner
and I will be lining my upper lash line
and I will be creating a small wing not
my occasional boom-boom wings all over
here but just a tiny wing enough to
define my eyes I'm going to be applying
virgin by The Naked palette and I'm
going to apply that as my highlight
color I am going to curl my lashes this
time I am applying just a simple mascara
and this I got a sample by Mac it's the
zoom sometimes zoom fast black lash yes
actually forgot to mention that I am
going to be applying this
bronzy gold eyeshadow to my lower lash
line I'm going to be applying some false
eyelashes and I'll be right back so for
the rest of this look I'm just going to
go in with peaches by Mac and obviously
it's a peach color and it has that
orange hint to it so I always think that
teal and orange they pretty much go
together like pickles and Burgers
I wanted to do a nude lip and I took Mac
inch-high and it's just a lip gloss
can't even see huh it's just a lip gloss
in a nude color I'm just going to apply
that to my lips a little side note about
this lip gloss is that it can be a
little sticky so if it happens to be a
rainy day on the day of prom then I
would really suggest just wear a
lipstick of nude lipstick rather than a
lip gloss because you don't want the
hair to go all over the lips that's just
not cute like look you don't want to do
that so I suggest just getting a
lipstick or a what's that other thing
called a tinted lip butter that's a good
choice too so I hope this is very
helpful to you guys oh um you guys
enjoyed this tutorial so I will talk to
you guys later and I hope you guys are
having a wonderful week cuz I know I am
trying to have a wonderful week myself
and yeah so I'll talk to you later bye